Once upon a time, there was a guy named Jimbo who lived in the Alaskan wilderness. Jimbo was thirsty, so he decided he would go to the store and buy a refreshing beverage. So, Jimbo left his house and walked through three feet of snow for two hours, only to remember that he lived one hundred miles from civilization and that there were no stores nearby.

He realized that he was in huge danger because of the coldness. The food he brings no longer support him to stay outside for too long. Right now, he had to make a choice between two different roads. The first road is a safe but long road that the food will not support him to finish all the distance, but he had some chance to hunt on this way. The second road is a short but dangerous road that he may be attacked by wild animals. Both roads connect him to the nearest civilization. If you were Jimbo, what will you do?

Jimbo took the second road, of course. As he walked, he thought long and hard about what had lead him to this situation. Was the beverage really worth it? Had he chosen the right road? Should he turn back? Before he knew it, he had stumbled across a secluded cabin. Smoke billowed out of the chimmeny. Feeling the cold and fatigue taking a toll on his body, Jimbo decided to see if he could spend the night.

Jimbo opened the door and as he did he heard a thundering bellow and something that looked like a bear rumbled towards him. He turned back and ran all the way back to the store. When he got there, he caught his breath and noticed that he was extremely thirsty again.

All of a sudden, Jimbo had an idea. If he could trick the bear-creature into leaving the cabin, he could spend the night there and hope it was safe to leave by morning. So, Jimbo made a snowman outside of the cabin's door and put some of his spare clothes on it, making a dummy. Then, Jimbo opened the cabin door and hid alongside the outside wall. Alas, his plan had worked. The bear charged towards the snowman, and Jimbo was able to quickly run inside the cabin and slam the door. He had outsmarted the predator and was safe from the elements for the night.
